# aeKee-offline-vault
Pure Javascript implementation of an aeKee vault.

aeKee is a cloud based password generator, secure plaintext vault and secure message sending service.

aeKee-offline-vault is a fully functional way to use a full aeKee vault offline without any account or connection to the aeKee server. This is useful if you don't have an account on aeKee (this is a great password manager system), but also useful if you do as a local, offline, fully functional backup. Simply export your encrypted vault and paste it into an aeKee offline vault and use it like you do your online vaults.

When you load up vault.html you will see some vault data at the bottom - this is just an example. The password is 'aekee'. There is only one item in the vault. Start typing 'example...' in the identifier field after entering the password.

To add new items, just make sure to enter an identifier and a username of 3 characters or more each, and add data for at least one other field (salt, length, comment, suffix or note).

For every item in the vault there is an auto-generated password. These are generated by SaltThePass a very excellent system more details of which are available here:

https://saltthepass.com/ - https://github.com/nicjansma/saltthepass.js

See this password by clicking on SHOW. Copy it to your clipboard by clicking on COPY.

Hitting SAVE when SAVE is red (which means there are unsaved changes) commits the full new data in the vault into the encrypted VAULT DATA at the bottom of the page. Copy this data and paste it somewhere to save it - it is your vault.

More information about how to use the vault, and about aeKee available in the FAQ on this page:

https://aekee.com/

See also simple encrypt/decrypt system 'aekee' on GitHub here:

https://github.com/aekee/aeKee
